Land detector docs sync (#2233)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/advanced_config/land_detector.md

  
* [MPC_THR_MIN](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#MPC_THR_MIN) - the overall minimum throttle of the system. 
  This should be set to enable a controlled descent.
* [MPC_LAND_CRWL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#MPC_LAND_CRWL) - the horizontal and vertical speed limit in the last stage of an automatic landing if the system has a distance sensor. Has to be be set larger than LNDMC_Z_VEL_MAX.

> n order to detect landing, the multicopter first has to go through three different states, where each state contains the conditions from the previous states plus tighter constraints.

Reviewer: Fix typo
```suggestion
In order to detect landing, the multicopter first has to go through three different states, where each state contains the conditions from the previous states plus tighter constraints.
```

If a condition cannot be reached because of missing sensors, then the condition is true by default. 
For instance, in [Acro mode](../flight_modes/acro_mc.md) and no sensor is active except for the gyro sensor, then the detection solely relies on thrust output and time. 
 

> In order to proceed to the next state, each condition has to be true for a third of the configured total land detector trigger time [LNDMC_TRIG_TIME](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDMC_TRIG_TIME). In case the vehicle is equipped with a distance sensor, but the distance to ground is currently no measurable (usually because it is too large), the trigger time is increased by a factor of 3.

Reviewer: Fix typo

```suggestion
In order to proceed to the next state, each condition has to be true for a third of the configured total land detector trigger time [LNDMC_TRIG_TIME](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDMC_TRIG_TIME).
If the vehicle is equipped with a distance sensor, but the distance to ground is currently not measurable (usually because it is too large), the trigger time is increased by a factor of 3.
```

If one condition fails, the land detector drops out of the current state immediately.

#### Ground Contact

Conditions for this state:

- no vertical movement ([LNDMC_Z_VEL_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDMC_Z_VEL_MAX))
- no horizontal movement ([LNDMC_XY_VEL_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDMC_XY_VEL_MAX))
- lower thrust than [MPC_THR_MIN](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#MPC_THR_MIN) + (hover throttle - [MPC_THR_MIN](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#MPC_THR_MIN)) * (0.3, unless a hover thrust estimate is available, then 0.6), 

> - additional check if vehicle is currently in a height-rate controlled flight mode: the vehicle has to have the intend to descend (vertical velocity setpoint above LNDMC_Z_VEL_MAX).

Reviewer: Fix typo
```suggestion
- additional check if vehicle is currently in a height-rate controlled flight mode: the vehicle has to have the intent to descend (vertical velocity setpoint above LNDMC_Z_VEL_MAX).
```

- additional check for vehicles with a distance sensor: current distance to ground is below 1m.

If the vehicle is in position- or velocity-control and ground contact was detected, 
the position controller will set the thrust vector along the body x-y-axis to zero.

#### Maybe Landed

Conditions for this state:

> - all conditions of ground contact are true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all conditions of the [ground contact](#ground-contact) state are true
```

  
* [MPC_THR_MIN](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#MPC_THR_MIN) - the overall minimum throttle of the system. 
  This should be set to enable a controlled descent.
* [MPC_LAND_CRWL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#MPC_LAND_CRWL) - the horizontal and vertical speed limit in the last stage of an automatic landing if the system has a distance sensor. Has to be be set larger than LNDMC_Z_VEL_MAX.

> In order to detect landing, the multicopter first has to go through three different states, where each state contains the conditions from the previous states plus tighter constraints.

Reviewer: @sfuhrer I'm adding a states heading back - firstly because it was linked above, but also because it provides some structure to this otherwise quite monolithic section. OK?

```suggestion

### MC Land Detector States

In order to detect landing, the multicopter first has to go through three different states, where each state contains the conditions from the previous states plus tighter constraints.
```

Author: Sure yes :+1:

#### Landed

Conditions for this state:

> - all conditions of maybe landed are true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all conditions of the [maybe landed](#maybe-landed) step are true
```

#### Landed

Conditions for this state:
- all conditions of the [maybe landed](#maybe-landed) state are true

## Fixed-wing Configuration

Tuning parameters for fixed-wing land detection:

* [LNDFW_AIRSPD_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDFW_AIRSPD_MAX) - the maximum airspeed allowed for the system still to be considered landed. 
  Has to be a tradeoff between airspeed sensing accuracy and triggering fast enough. 
  Better airspeed sensors should allow lower values of this parameter.
* [LNDFW_VEL_XY_MAX ](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDFW_VEL_XY_MAX) - the maximum horizontal velocity for the system to be still be considered landed. 
* [LNDFW_VEL_Z_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDFW_VEL_XY_MAX) - the maximum vertical velocity for the system to be still be considered landed.
* [LNDFW_XYACC_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDFW_XYACC_MAX) - the maximal horizontal acceleration for the system to still be considered landed.

> * [LNDFW_TRIG_TIME](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDFW_TRIG_TIME) - Trigger time the conditions above have to be fulfilled to declare a landing.

Reviewer 2: This sounds a little bit clearer to me.
```suggestion
* [LNDFW_TRIG_TIME](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#LNDFW_TRIG_TIME) - Trigger time during which the conditions above have to be fulfilled to declare a landing.
```
